The new Indian strategy is a serious blow to the British military, politics and economy.
It is thought that it will have a negative impact on the people and will have a lot of imagination.
Nevertheless, the US Navy is still weak.
It is said that the pride of the people was in control of them.
The US Navy was in control of the people.
While the US Navy was conducting research on the military, the US Navy was conducting research on the military and building new military buildings.
While the US Navy was conducting research on the military, the US Navy was conducting research on the military,
saying that the US Navy was a human-based or Nelson-type meat-eating warhead.
The modern military strategy was in parallel.
When I opened the magazine, I realized that I was already late and my head was in a mess.
The British Navy's proud tradition was that it was a must-fighting military strategy.
Recently, it has become a must-fighting strategy that if you see an enemy, you must run away.
In the future, it will probably become a must-signal strategy that if you see an enemy, you must surrender.
The British Navy, which has taken over the sea of the sun, is no longer a Navy of the sun.
However, the British Navy's leaders have not yet realized what caused the loss of their power.
The British people, who are the last hope for the Navy, are the ones who have to say sorry.
The Daily Mail in the British newspaper says that the air raid in Colombo is a
It is a struggle to make the Indian people a daily battle.
However, the Indian war of our Navy is still at the brink of its end.
As long as the British military is in power, we must attack the Indian coastline and destroy the British Navy.